**Exploration and Traversal of Graphs**

**Tasks:**

Initially, add a marking attribute to the `Node.java` class that will be useful for traversal methods:

- Passage mark: `boolean mark;`

Please note that the following methods should be placed in the `Graph.java` class, and the graph object G is represented by the instance `this` in the program.

1. Algorithms for depth-first traversal.
   - Create two methods: `public void traverse()` which is the main exploration method and allows launching a specific type of traversal on all nodes of the graph, and `public void depthFirstRecursive(Node n)` for the depth-first construction of a tree with root n using the recursive algorithm.
   Attention! We will display the identifier of the node immediately after marking it.
   - Create two methods: `public void depthFirstIterative()` for launching a depth-first traversal of all nodes in a graph, and `public void depthFirstIterative(Node n)` for launching the depth-first construction of a tree with root n using the iterative algorithm.
   To do this, you can use the generic `Stack<T>` class in Java, which implements the concept of a stack of objects of class T. In our case, T = Node.

2. Algorithms for breadth-first traversal.
   - Create a method `public void breadthFirst()` for launching a breadth-first traversal of all nodes in a graph, and `public void breadthFirst(Node n)` for performing a breadth-first traversal of a given graph.
   To achieve this, you can use the generic `LinkedList<T>` class in Java to mimic the behavior of a data queue.