**Generation of Random Graphs**

**Introduction**

We are interested in generating graphs using different random processes, which will allow us to easily create large graphs with a particular topology. The algorithms used in the following exercises are derived from Batagelj and Brandes, 2005, and Downey, 2016. Here, we denote G = ({0, ..., n-1}, A) as a graph with n nodes, where A ⊆ J0, n-1K represents the set of edges in G. In the following exercises, the constructed graphs are assumed to be undirected. Therefore, in the case of your Graph class, you should add both an edge from i to j and from j to i when an algorithm requests adding an edge {i, j} to a graph.

**Tasks**

1. Consider the following algorithm for generating a random graph G(n, p) ∈ G(n, p) using the Gilbert model.
   - Create a class `RandomGraph` that inherits from the `Graph` class with a first constructor `public RandomGraph(int n, double p)` to generate a random graph according to the Gilbert model.

2. Consider the following algorithm for generating a graph G(n, m) ∈ E(n, m) using the Erdös-Rényi model. Unlike the Gilbert algorithm, this algorithm generates a graph with exactly m edges.
   - Create a private method `private int[] bijection(int i)` that returns an array `tab` of dimension 2 such that `tab[0]` contains the value `v` and `tab[1]` contains the value `w` of the bijection defined in equation 1.
   - Create a second constructor `public RandomGraph(int n, int m)` to generate a graph according to the Erdös-Rényi model.

3. To limit the time spent in the `repeat-until` loop, which can be very long (especially when m becomes very large), consider the following optimized algorithm:
   - Create a third constructor `public RandomGraphLinear(int n, int m)` to generate an Erdös-Rényi graph using the optimized algorithm.