**Representation by Adjacency List of Directed Graphs**

We recall that a graph G is a structure represented by a couple G = (N, A), where:

- N is the set of nodes of the graph G.
- A ⊆ N2 is the set of arcs of G, with an arc represented as a pair (x, y) ∈ N2.

We want to implement a representation by an adjacency list for directed graphs. This implementation should adhere to the following specifications:

- Each node of the graph should be identified by a unique positive integer k ∈ N.
- For each node n ∈ N, we should be able to access its successors Γ(n) without having to traverse the entire set of nodes in the graph.
- For each arc (x, y) ∈ A, we consider an orientation from x → y. Note that (x, y) ≠ (y, x).

Thus, a graph is mainly represented by a collection of nodes with distinct identifiers, where each node allows direct access to its successors.

**Tasks:**

We represent sets of elements using the generic LinkedList<T> class, which allows representing and manipulating linked lists. Note that Java LinkedLists are ordered sets that allow duplicates.

1. Create a `Node.java` class that meets the following specifications. A node n is an instance represented by two attributes:
   - An identifier: `int id;`
   - A list of arcs allowing direct access to the set Γ(n) of successors of n: `LinkedList<Arc> succ;` Be careful! The `succ` set should remain unique.
   (a) Create a public constructor `Node(int id)` that allows creating a node with a given identifier (initially without successors).
   (b) Create a public method `String toString()` to visualize the characteristics of a node. Initially, only the node's identifier will be considered.

2. Create an `Arc.java` class that meets the following specifications. An oriented arc a = (x, y) is an instance represented by two attributes:
   - An initial or source node: `Node source;`
   - A final or target node: `Node target;`
   (a) Create a public constructor `Arc(Node x, Node y)` that allows creating an arc.
   (b) Create a public method `String toString()` to visualize the characteristics of an arc (the identifiers of its source and target nodes).

3. Create a `Graph.java` class that meets the following specifications. A graph G is initially represented by a single attribute:
   - A list of nodes: `LinkedList<Node> nodes;` Be careful! This set should be unique without duplicates. Also, note that the arcs of the graph will only be represented in the list of successors of different nodes.
   - Create the following constructors:
     - Create a public constructor `Graph()` to create an empty graph.
     - Create a public constructor `Graph(int k)` to create a graph G of simple nodes, without connections, such that `nodes = {ni | i ∈ [1, k]}`.
   - Create a public method `void addNode(int n)` to add a node with identifier n to the set `this.nodes` if n is not already in `this.nodes`. Be careful not to add duplicates.
   - Create a public method `Node getNode(int n)` to return the node with identifier n from a given graph. It will return null if the node does not exist.
   - Create a public method `void addArc(int x, int y)` to add an arc between nodes with identifiers x and y in a graph. Be careful! Such an addition should only be possible if the nodes already exist in the graph and if the node with identifier x does not already have the node with identifier y as a successor. Otherwise, a new arc should be created and added to the list of successors of the node with identifier x. To simplify the implementation of this method, you can add a public method `boolean hasSuccessor(int j)` to the `Node.java` class to test if a node already has a node with identifier j as a successor.
   - Create a public method `String toString()` to visualize the characteristics of the graph. You will also modify the `public String toString()` method of the `Node.java` class to allow visualization of the successors of a node.

4. What is the time complexity in the worst case of the `public Node getNode(int n)` method in the `Graph.java` class? To reduce this complexity, you will add an additional attribute to the `Graph.java` class using the generic `HashMap<K, T>` class. Such a class allows representing a class of objects of class T and accessing an object with key K in constant time.

   - Add an attribute `hmap` of type `HashMap<Integer, Node>` to the `Graph.java` class, and modify the constructors of this class to add new nodes not only to the list of graph nodes but also to the collection of nodes represented as a `HashMap`.
   - Modify the `public Node getNode(int n)` method in the `Graph.java` class to reduce the complexity of this method by using the `hmap`

 attribute added to the `Graph.java` class.
   - Add a new constructor `public Graph(String file)` to the `Graph.java` class, allowing you to build a graph from a CSV file where each line of the file contains a pair x, y where x and y are identifiers of connected nodes. To do this, you are encouraged to use classes from the "Commons CSV" package.